Update the installation guide in order to reduce the emphasis on Anaconda (#5885)
gammapy/gammapy: docs/getting-started/index.rst

------------

There are various ways for users to install Gammapy. **We recommend setting up a virtual

> environment using either conda** (with Miniconda, Anaconda or Miniforge:
> `link <https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/install/index.html>`__) **or mamba**
> (see this `link <https://mamba.readthedocs.io/en/latest/installation/mamba-installation.html>`__). For some working
> environments (e.g. ESO, DESY, CEA), you should use
> `miniforge <https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge>`__ to be able to use conda/mamba without trouble.
> Then, there are two methods to quickly install Gammapy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
environment using either conda (with `Miniconda, Anaconda or Miniforge <https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/install/index.html>`__ or `mamba <https://mamba.readthedocs.io/en/latest/installation/mamba-installation.html>`__**. For certain working
environments (e.g. ESO, DESY, CEA), one should use
`miniforge <https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge>`__ for smooth usage.
Here are two methods to quickly install Gammapy
```
